good morning today I'll show you how
be able to build a full hd antenna for
be able to watch digital television open
and you can install it on the roof of your
house to start by opening the box these
are the elements that brings we have the
wings
the main pipe the secondary pipe the
wings and the container box well that all
explain how to start putting together the per
start let's grab the pipe
main which is the one that comes with this
capital where you are going to put the mast
once it is finished
next to this capital to know that
has a screw that is already coming
inside the spout with his responds butterfly
well here we are going to put these wings
I'm going to put both and I'm going to
show how it is once we take out
the screw we grabbed one of the wings and
we are going to put it to coincide
this hole and the next hole
as you will see the first installation of the
first of the rooms would be like this
how will you see the a
one big butt and then the other
side has a hole well this we're going
to match together with this one
already the wings are put in the hole
corresponding that we did
as you will see 6 match everything so that
now the screw that we take out easy
well once we've passed the butterfly
and we passed the screw remember that
it's always better to do things than strength to
do this sort of thing must be
lots of patience
let's put the butterfly in its place
corresponding once we already put
the butterfly we are going to install the box
Container in the container box
we're going to see that we have a
butterfly that is already in the pipe
forgive a screw which has no
butterfly this is because we're going to
install in this way
let's grab the box and if we give it
back let's see what it has a
bellows
that has a bellows at this height with a
stick on this side and nothing of this other
well then what we are going to do is what
next let's grab the antenna
and let's match
the connective hole
with this screw and the little hole
little one that many of us are just going to
match for
well as you will see we put the box
on the cloth and now what are we going to
to do is to pass the cable through this hole
what's here if the next rg6 cable
here you are going to adjust the cable
and you go to previously previously previously
to the cable and you're going to have to have
peeling truth has to be the mesh
free copper here in this screw you
is to adjust it and you're going to put the mesh
copper in there you're going to re-adjust
the cable and then you're going to close
stable that you have to go directly to
what is the converter and you can be
enjoying the open television
well as you will see the butterfly is
composed of a plastic containing
four irons and
then a screw with its
corresponding butterfly
and the plastic is shaped so that
hooked right here'll put one of
While this fire also putting you
it would be this way
so you have to do is put the
remaining in this place
one that finished that
to tip of sheet
You pass the mast pipe here
notice that you have the bellows of the year
be fair
put a mast that is very hard that
support the winds well and install it to
a high place in your house or building
ready that's it, you can start
connect the cable to your converter and
start watching digital television
open more plural free and for all